what's up YouTube in comfort here I
don't know how many of you has actually
paid attention to some interesting news
that actually came up we're actually
leading a 3ds game for yugioh sale many
of you guys probably didn't catch his
news it was actually kind of you know a
little tucked under but I believe this
game will be functioning in much the
same way that the previous d/s games
have I believe this game will be
released in the winter for Japan cross
your fingers and hope that we'll be
getting one in the States I'm not gonna
lie about that I also assume this game
will act much like the World
Championship Series did in the past with
some of the other scans and things that
you know we're going around about this
so this game will be for the 3ds for
those of you that haven't got a 3ds yet
start getting ready for this many
players are actually hoping that this is
actually you know the continuation
little gem trip series and things like
that so it's been a good what two years
since we got a video game and I mean
myself I've actually been kind of
anxious wanting to you know pick up some
more of these video games you know also
with the promo so tell me how you guys
think about the possible trend of the
World Championship Series onto the DS
the world championship for the d/s
tournaments actually really fun I know a
lot of players to actually had fun with
it and you know the current world
champion trip to the video game series
will be very happy to have his back as
well so guys I hope that you guys are
ready for a new des game to possibly
roll out in the States it's at least
confirmed for Japan on the 3ds for the
winter and guys I am up for now later
you